Update documentation to be more current (#1)
angler-robotics/angler-dev-workspace: docker/DockerSetup.md

### Running the Docker Container

Open a command line (bash (Ubuntu) or Powershell (Windows)) and navigate to the repo directory. `Run the start_docker_[OS].x` script. This should start a container. You can do this in additional terminals to connect to the same container as well.

> Incase you encounter 'running scripts is disbaled on this system' error, for windows follow the top answer here: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4037939/powershell-says-execution-of-scripts-is-disabled-on-this-system 

Reviewer: While you're at it, there are a couple of typos here. Optionally, I think adding this as a new paragraph makes it a bit more readable (extra newline).
```suggestion

In case you encounter 'running scripts is disabled on this system' error, for windows follow the [top answer here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4037939/powershell-says-execution-of-scripts-is-disabled-on-this-system). 
```

# Testing Commands

For debugging issues in running containers, here are some commands you can use. Enter these from the command line.

1. `ping 8.8.8.8` can help test out the internet connection
2. `xeyes` can test out the gui connection of the container. You should see a pair of eyes following your mouse as it moves.

> 3. `glxgears` can test if the container can access your graphics card. This should fail on a Ubuntu computer without a GPU (probably), but may still work on a Windows machine, which may not support GPUS at at the moment.    

Reviewer: This shouldn't be a diff, it only adds 4 spaces at the end.
